dashboard add metric filter (#1625)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/2.monitor.md

- By default, the monitoring information page will not be updated automatically. You can set the update frequency of the monitoring information page globally or click the ![setup](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/refresh-220616.png) button to update the page manually.
- To set a base line, click the ![setup](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/Setup.png) button.
- To view the detailed monitoring information, click the ![watch](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/watch.png) button. In this example, select `Load` for details. The figure is as follows.
    ![load](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/ds-load-220913-en.png)

  - You can set the monitoring time range, instance, update frequency and base line.

>   - You can search or select the metrics. For details of monitoring metrics, see [Monitor parameter](../7.monitor-parameter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can search for or select the target metric. For details about monitoring metrics, see [Monitor parameter](../7.monitor-parameter.md).
```

- By default, the monitoring information page will not be updated automatically. You can set the update frequency of the monitoring information page globally or click the ![setup](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/refresh-220616.png) button to update the page manually.
- You can view the status of all the services in cluster.
- To view the detailed monitoring information, click the ![watch](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/watch.png) button. In this example, select `Graph` for details. The figure is as follows.
   ![service](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/ds-graph-220913-en.png)

  - You can set the monitoring time range, instance, update frequency, period, aggregation and base line.

>   - You can search or select the metrics. For details of monitoring metrics, see [Monitor parameter](../7.monitor-parameter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can search for or select the target metric. For details of monitoring metrics, see [Monitor parameter](../7.monitor-parameter.md).
```
